# Memehub

Our application is geared towards folks who are deemed internet cultured and enjoy the finer things in life, like a good joke in form of a meme. Our main focus will be to bring people together by giving them a platform to create, rate, and comment on memes generated by other users.  With this easy-to-navigate interface, users can upload their own pictures and make them a meme, caption an existing meme from our database, or simply browse through a gallery of uploaded memes by other users..

## Getting Started

Users will choose their desired username without multi-factor authentication just by typing it one time on a login bar so they can access the meme database, rate, create, and chat.

- The main page consists of a login bar, and a simple, clean, user-friendly layout where users can navigate to different sections of our application predefined by tabs.

- Each tab redirects to a different section including *Meme Generator, Meme Archive, Upload Your Meme* and others.

### Prerequisites

The only prerequisite to use this application is entering a username to upload, rate and comment, but if the user is simple looking at other memes with intentions to save, there are no further steps.

### Installing

No installation is required for the use of this application.

## Deployment

This application is designed for both desktop and mobile use but geared more towards users on the go and the visuals are simpler and easier to navigate on a mobile device. 

## Built With

* [Styling](https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.6/css/bootstrap.min.css)
* [Bootstrap](https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.6.1/css/font-awesome.min.css)
* [Fonts](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css)
* [jQuery script](https://code.jquery.com/jquery.js)
* [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/?sc_channel=PS&sc_campaign=acquisition_US&sc_publisher=google&sc_medium=s3_b&sc_content=s3_e&sc_detail=aws%20s3&sc_category=s3&sc_segment=192085379926&sc_matchtype=e&sc_country=US&s_kwcid=AL!4422!3!192085379926!e!!g!!aws%20s3&ef_id=WnoXzgAAAIB3y1Ha:20180602140206:s)
